Hungry... But opening mouth is too much work.
Got quoted by a newspaper in Washington DC today, for an AskReddit answer of mine
World Record Attempt at Fastest Time to Jump Through 10 Panes of Glass
Not bad burger king
Oh Ellen
Well that is technically true...
Didn't dump my cheating GF, friend sent me this.
I slipped in the ice and broke my ankle. My 2 yr. old unknowingly chose the most relevant sticker to put on my cast.
Heading in for a vasectomy today, decide to get some new underwear for the occasion.
Anyone know an Exorcist?
Selling wrapping paper, door-to-door.
My dog may be old and a little blind but she still enjoys looking out the window...
Do I feel like walking?
Redditing for beginners
Fiancée told me to write love notes on her shoes that she'll read at the wedding on Saturday.
Crow feeding a cat & dog.
Nostalgia
How I picture my life after finals.
My GF thought it was a good idea to put the dog bed in the dryer...
Look what this clown wore to work today.
With the recent time lapse of Patrick Stewart aging, I remembered the pictures of him from his childhood
After I showed the 60yr old 6yr old to my wife, she showed me her old yearbook photo.
So i got these as a gift, didnt look at them until i got to work..
I woke up to the warm breath on my neck and the nails softly scratching my back. I turn around to embrace my love...
Defeated by finals week, this kid was on the baseball field at 2:30am making crop circles
"I'm bubble tea..."
Finally, an app that offers real solutions to connection issues.
Went out looking at Christmas lights last night... Wasn't disappointed.
They said dress up for the company holiday party. I wore the fanciest pants I own.
May The Force Be With You. (NSFW)
NSA Santa
I go to a Christian College. You see stuff like this all the time.
I'd watch it
Fainting goat tries the slide
Dumbledore is so smooth
Fake Interpreter
What's the opposite of "Where's Waldo"?
With the popularity of the 60 year old girls, I hear NBC is picking up a new show next season.
Something for those of you fed up with this banana business...
This man went to Target, bought Kelly Clarkson's Christmas CD and nothing else.
Well, it's true.
My Girlfriend's Take on Kangaroos
I think the world is getting more and more retarded by the day!
We gotta follow them?
Girlfight
Adam DeMamp knows best.
Cruel tease, pet store.
Someone should show that fake sign language guy in south africa what real sing language looks like.
Two redditers work together without realizing it.
Macaulay Culkin... woof!
How would you not know?!
Does this make anyone else happy? [GRUMPY CAT]
They see me bowling
Grammar Matters
We did it. We made the yahoo homepage again.
Pretty much sums it up
Superb...!
30,000 Feet
This kid is going places
That guy with the iPhone cookies in his car seems to have gotten a ticket
A girl posted this to instagram titled 'Breakfast Bear'. I didn't have the heart to tell her who it resembled.
They sure are...
That awkward moment when you take fashion advice from the public trains
Death's list
Got this in the mail.
Magic
Can I get you anything?
Seems legit
lets talk about your future
Santacat and I
What's the ONE thing you want more than anything?
First day of school, 1984.
fuuu
The Messiah's car
Hey girl, feel my sweater
Nice Day For A Cruise
Ooooh Snap!
Classic Futurama
Eric, what did I say about calling your sister the Devil?
New coworker has this on her desk. She know's what's up!
And I will love it and squeeze it and hug it.
Why women make men productive [fixed]
This Geese Tsunami is a shit storm
I was using a calculator app on my iPhone when I remembered the "8008135" Upside-Down thing people use to do in school. I tried it and this happened. Mind Blown
Grumpy cat-doge
Can you cook?
Dog Sneeze
Mad Cat!
Seriously, I can't be the only one seeing this.
Every Lesbian Porno Ever
When my friend went to the 22 concert in Nashville fans kept coming up to her thinking she was actually Taylor Swift
Follow Up To The iPhone Cookies
I am not sure if she has read the back of the shirt
This Just happened faith in humanity restored!!
I was quite photogenic as a child.
This preschool lets their kids wrestle.. just follow a few rules.
I found these in my grandpa's house, can't really figure it out.
Apparently my math teacher's having women problems.
Time to walk funny.
Wall off to an early lead...
